Added Elasticsearch GPU indexing support and documentation | Moved elasticsearch auth docs in `elasticsearch-configuration.md` (#494)
NVIDIA-AI-Blueprints/rag: docs/retrieval-only-deployment.md

## Deploy with Helm (Kubernetes)

> Use the same cluster prerequisites as a full Helm deployment, including the ECK operator for the default Elasticsearch vector database—see [Deploy on Kubernetes with Helm](deploy-helm.md#prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the same cluster prerequisites as a full Helm deployment, including the ECK operator for the default Elasticsearch vector database—refer to [Deploy on Kubernetes with Helm](deploy-helm.md#prerequisites).
```
